README.md, before:

Java Hello World Web Starter

This sample application demonstrates how to write a Java Web application (powered by WebSphere Liberty) and deploy it on Bluemix.

Files

The Java Hello World Web Starter application contains the following contents:

*   javaHelloWorldApp.war

    This WAR file is actually the application itself. It is the only file that'll be pushed to and run on the Bluemix cloud. Every time your application code is updated, you'll need to regenerate this WAR file and push to Bluemix again. See the next section on detailed steps.
    
*   WebContent/

    This directory contains the client side code (HTML/CSS/JavaScript) of your application as well as compiled server side java classes and necessary JAR libraries.
    
*   src/

    This directory contains the server side code (JAVA) of your application. In this simple starter application, there's only one class: 'com.ibm.cloudoe.samples.HelloResource'
    
*   build.xml

    This file allows you to easily build your application using Ant.
    
*	dep-jar/

	This directory contains libraries that are needed to compile locally, but are provided by Bluemix and not included in the WAR file. 
	
	
You can deploy this application to your Bluemix by clicking this button
[![Deploy to Bluemix](https://bluemix.net/deploy/button.png)](https://bluemix.net/deploy?repository=https://github.com/ibmecod/javaplays-javapojo-helloworld.git)

Commit message:

Added Privacy Notice and updated One click wording

README.md, after:

#Java Hello World Web Starter

This sample application demonstrates how to write a Java Web application (powered by WebSphere Liberty) and deploy it on Bluemix.

##Files

The Java Hello World Web Starter application contains the following contents:

*   javaHelloWorldApp.war

    This WAR file is actually the application itself. It is the only file that'll be pushed to and run on the Bluemix cloud. Every time your application code is updated, you'll need to regenerate this WAR file and push to Bluemix again. See the next section on detailed steps.
    
*   WebContent/

    This directory contains the client side code (HTML/CSS/JavaScript) of your application as well as compiled server side java classes and necessary JAR libraries.
    
*   src/

    This directory contains the server side code (JAVA) of your application. In this simple starter application, there's only one class: 'com.ibm.cloudoe.samples.HelloResource'
    
*   build.xml

    This file allows you to easily build your application using Ant.
    
*	dep-jar/

	This directory contains libraries that are needed to compile locally, but are provided by Bluemix and not included in the WAR file. 
	
#One Click Deploy to Bluemix	
Use this button to deploy this application directly to your Bluemix

[![Deploy to Bluemix](https://bluemix.net/deploy/button.png)](https://bluemix.net/deploy?repository=https://github.com/ibmecod/javaplays-javapojo-helloworld.git)

# Privacy Notice
Sample web applications that include this tracking library may be configured to track deployments to [IBM Bluemix](https://www.bluemix.net/) and other Cloud Foundry platforms. The following information is sent to a [Deployment Tracker](https://github.com/IBM-Bluemix/cf-deployment-tracker-service) service on each deployment by default:
* Application Name (`application_name`)
* Space ID (`space_id`)
* Application Version (`application_version`)
* Application URIs (`application_uris`)

This data is collected from the `VCAP_APPLICATION` environment variable in IBM Bluemix and other Cloud Foundry platforms. This data is used by IBM to track metrics around deployments of sample applications to IBM Bluemix to measure the usefulness of our examples, so that we can continuously improve the content we offer to you.
